thanks to pressures to almost 30 thousand spectators for this classic first
and the party in the stands
27 minute
the peace to extort safe from the lion plant the crosses is criminal we are
hurrying ice points
in total spent
won his fifth place in the post-soap league
finished the first time
despite the note
on
the titanic and marta this product
It is not enough is another time because the match ended at minute 86
the network takes over
pesic as a coach and he got this
b national shooting if you do not win from April 14, 2007 here to
millionaires in the field
I feel it is a text
guaranteed in the history of this classic
it was not through the spectacular as another chapter began to be written to
tide of the beginning tide was crossed the effectiveness of pri a
difference from previous matches in national visitor status
He fulfilled some tasks that we needed in the same way he returns
to ride the tide of joys in the field
for some with class for others with boldness mayer candelo marked his first
goal since he returned to millionaires like that with a legal notice
the parish priest joan rosemary with the measure because once today they met with
everything ready for the tie thanks to 'the sun' ti thanks to the luck branch
and the leadership flew to the national house
for decades to
the hardest team from the pri to the governorship the entire division but at
final is not afraid of losing the tide without not only cheers but to the third place
of the table
after three years nationhe scared the ghosts before millionaires
and approached the cops
citi analysts
but that dependence
55 minute
for saenz he considered 1 for 0 for the team of alexis garcía
this action is presented
the center of Núñez
is charged gabriel da cachoeira minute 68
and third salaries for equity
finished the game 85 minute to pass of messi
fishing consellería in the seventh victory of blood
between the names that sit a of the pentagon
perform for who after the visit selection xavi afterwards for the
quindío
martín mora
of auction but the supply
for pp or psoe men
is that he showed up here
high caicedo
the tolima is closed
describe as batasuna
and san pedro terrero shoots the goalkeeper
he showed up he's also injured
it was nullified to tolima
vine chain already agreed central cec of yes
third ended that commitment
itagüí
just ten minutes
this is the central av
also spokesman of the golden eagles
David was missing in the passat cc oo
in orizaba
the zero cost
the hand hector given in the 36th minute
pepe moreno discount for the athletic huila he put the account two
by one
already in the second time
the cinema for the upheaval of the Antioquenos
77 minute
of head appeared Jorge Vidal for transport 2
and already with the time practically fulfilled the minute 80
and appeared final display three by three ended the game indicates leaders
since July 1 comeaña
with the sportive pereira began before the local emanuel molina every scene
I come from this one
at minute 32 on the 1 by 0
everything seems lost
and took advantage of a defensive error
and we would tie sales by decapitating it on the 39th minute
the problem gets worse
heroin employees
already in the 71st minute to the pass of guarín also a great normal player pointed out
when
the draw for the theater as 'red eagle' barbastro
will begin to train
Carlos Mario Carbonero know
messi has got the white advantage of manizales
loyalty
Lazarus has been rising
two races for the world around the world
about minute 33
assange denied
radars
and mallorca
defining
there is this action the centralism club
the free zones ended the commitment in urban area
deportivo Cali
today he has faced them envigado
barely four minutes to turn on the white house 9
garzon in a counselor
urgently they were assigned to the 59th minute
part of the board
gonzalo martinez
the Peruvian demand
are not the players considered
very unfortunate but nothing
so the definition
the gala presidency
over 60 of the law
brasilia 1
the scope now just five minutes past
the play started as a minor issue
overestimate the second partial every 75th minute of the season so in
that moment I'm just going to try to win the zaragoza separately
the defeat of the Nazis
while ecuador
they are not bad neighbor
this game was played in entities
Roberto Carlos Cortez
and this time to jaime castrillón I do not have
to america after five stars great britain
a victory for the Medellin foals
from inside a bread tin
and in June
some plays mts
he did not define
the troika bogota
in this play of the first time
is rare
a mask assistant group with a mixed payroll thought in cup
liberators
3 julián barahona
to this field has suffered in this action
a series of gerona dribbles and in it
the rosary
to be fair from lorca
in total cancer